README.md, before:

## Mephas 

## Introduction

Mephas is one shiny application which integrates the medical and pharmaceutical data analysis methods in order to facilate researchers analyze or explore their data at the first step.

The old version is [here](http://www.gen-info.osaka-u.ac.jp/MEPHAS/).

The main page is [here](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/).

## The structure of mephas application

### The outlines

#### 1. [Probability Distributions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/1MFSdistribution/)

  - Continuous Random Variable
    + Normal/Gaussian distribution, Expotential Distribution, Gamma Distribution
  - Derived from the Normal Distribution
    + Student's t Distribution, Chi-square Distribution, F Distribution
  - Discrete Random Variable
    + Binomial Distribution, Poisson Distribution
       
#### 2. [Tests of Means](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/2MFSttest/)

#### 3. [Non-parametric Tests](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/3MFSnptest/)

#### 4. [Test for Binomial Proportions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/4MFSproptest/)

#### 5. [Contingency Table of Counts](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/5MFSrctabtest/)

#### 6. [Analysis of Variance](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/6MFSanova/)

#### 7. [Regression Model](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/7MFSreg/)

#### 8. [Principal Components](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/8MFSpcapls/)

More apllications are still under construction.

### The main output in each applications

#### 1. Data's descriptive statistics

#### 2. Assumptions and hypotheses

#### 3. Model's results

#### 4. Tables and figures

### The helps

#### 1. [Probability Distributions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help1.html)
 
#### 2. [Tests of Means](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/2MFSttest/)

#### 3. [Non-parametric Tests](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/3MFSnptest/)

#### 4. [Test for Binomial Proportions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/4MFSproptest/)

#### 5. [Contingency Table of Counts](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/5MFSrctabtest/)

#### 6. [Analysis of Variance](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/6MFSanova/)

#### 7. [Regression Model](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/7MFSreg/)

#### 8. [Principal Components](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/8MFSpcapls/)

Commit message:

ttest download and help file

README.md, after:

## Mephas 

## Introduction

Mephas is one shiny application which integrates the medical and pharmaceutical data analysis methods in order to facilate researchers analyze or explore their data at the first step.

The old version is [here](http://www.gen-info.osaka-u.ac.jp/MEPHAS/).

The main page is [here](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/).

## The structure of mephas application

### The outlines

#### 1. [Probability Distributions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/1MFSdistribution/)

  - Continuous Random Variable
    + Normal/Gaussian distribution, Expotential Distribution, Gamma Distribution
  - Derived from the Normal Distribution
    + Student's t Distribution, Chi-square Distribution, F Distribution
  - Discrete Random Variable
    + Binomial Distribution, Poisson Distribution
       
#### 2. [Tests of Means](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/2MFSttest/)
  
  - One Sample t-Test
  - Two Samples t-Test
  - Paired Samples

#### 3. [Non-parametric Tests](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/3MFSnptest/)

#### 4. [Test for Binomial Proportions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/4MFSproptest/)

#### 5. [Contingency Table of Counts](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/5MFSrctabtest/)

#### 6. [Analysis of Variance](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/6MFSanova/)

#### 7. [Regression Model](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/7MFSreg/)

#### 8. [Principal Components](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas_web/8MFSpcapls/)

More apllications are still under construction.

### The main contains in each applications

#### 1. Data's descriptive statistics

#### 2. Assumptions and hypotheses

#### 3. Model's results

#### 4. Tables and figures

### The help files

#### 1. [Probability Distributions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help1.html)
 
#### 2. [Tests of Means](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help2.html/)

#### 3. [Non-parametric Tests](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help3.html/)

#### 4. [Test for Binomial Proportions](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help4.html/)

#### 5. [Contingency Table of Counts](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help5.html/)

#### 6. [Analysis of Variance](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help6.html/)

#### 7. [Regression Model](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help7.html/)

#### 8. [Principal Components](https://pharmacometrics.info/mephas/help8.html/)
